[Docs] update custom meshkit code usage in meshery-server docs (#11492)
meshery/meshery: docs/pages/project/contributing/meshery-server.md

```

The default setting for the `LOG_LEVEL` is `4` (Info). However, if the `DEBUG` environmental variable is configured as `TRUE`, it supersedes the value set in the `LOG_LEVEL` environmental variable, and the logging level is then adjusted to `5`(Debug).

### Using custom Meshkit code for Meshery server development

<ol>
  <li>
    <p>Checkout <strong>meshery</strong> and <strong>meshkit</strong> repository in adjacent directories.</p>
    {% capture code_content %}
$ git clone https://github.com/meshery/meshery.git
$ git clone https://github.com/meshery/meshkit.git
    {% endcapture %}
    {% include code.html code=code_content %}
  </li>

>   <li>
>     <p>In your <strong>meshery</strong> go.mod, update the meshkit package.</p>
>     {% capture code_content %}
> github.com/layer5io/meshkit => ../meshkit
>     {% endcapture %}
>     {% include code.html code=code_content %}
>   </li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <li>
    <p>In your <code>meshery</code> go.mod, update the meshkit package.</p>
    {% capture code_content %}
github.com/layer5io/meshkit => ../meshkit
    {% endcapture %}
    {% include code.html code=code_content %}
    <p>Remember to remove this go.mod change when creating pull requests.</p>
  </li>
```

```

The default setting for the `LOG_LEVEL` is `4` (Info). However, if the `DEBUG` environmental variable is configured as `TRUE`, it supersedes the value set in the `LOG_LEVEL` environmental variable, and the logging level is then adjusted to `5`(Debug).

### Using custom Meshkit code for Meshery server development

<ol>
  <li>
    <p>Checkout <strong>meshery</strong> and <strong>meshkit</strong> repository in adjacent directories.</p>
    {% capture code_content %}

> mkdir meshery
> cd meshery
> git clone https://github.com/meshery/meshery.git
> git clone https://github.com/meshery/meshkit.git

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ git clone https://github.com/meshery/meshery.git
$ git clone https://github.com/meshery/meshkit.git
```

Removing explicit checkout folder name.
